README.md, before:

## Cats-Collections

[![Build Status](https://github.com/typelevel/cats-collections/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/typelevel/cats-collections/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/typelevel/cats-collections/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/typelevel/cats-collections?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.typelevel/cats-collections-core_2.13.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.typelevel/cats-collections-core_2.13)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/632277896739946517?label=Typelevel%20Discord)](https://discord.gg/XF3CXcMzqD)

It intends to be a library containing data structures which facilitate pure functional programming in the Scala programming language. Some of these are replacements for structures already present in the Scala standard library, but with improvements in safety, some are data structures for which there is no analogue in the Scala standard library.

### Getting Started

Cats Collections is currently available for Scala 2.12, 2.13, and 3.

To get started with sbt, simply add the following to your `build.sbt` file:

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.typelevel" %% "cats-collections-core" % "0.9.0"
```

### CONTRIBUTING

Contributions in all forms (including discussion, suggestions, bug reports, usage reports, pull requests, patches, etc) are welcome and encouraged from everyone!

The cats-collection project demands that all activities surrounding the project follow the [Typelevel Code of Conduct](http://typelevel.org/conduct.html). If you witness any behavior from any individual which you feel might be harmful in any way or might not be a violation of the code of conduct, please speak up. Please contact any individual named in the Typelevel Code of Conduct so that it can be addressed as soon as possible.

Commit message:

Remove explicit version from README

README.md, after:

## Cats-Collections

[![Build Status](https://github.com/typelevel/cats-collections/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/typelevel/cats-collections/actions/workflows/ci.yml?query=branch%3Amaster)
[![codecov.io](http://codecov.io/github/typelevel/cats-collections/coverage.svg?branch=master)](http://codecov.io/github/typelevel/cats-collections?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/org.typelevel/cats-collections-core_2.13.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/org.typelevel/cats-collections-core_2.13)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/632277896739946517?label=Typelevel%20Discord)](https://discord.gg/XF3CXcMzqD)

It intends to be a library containing data structures which facilitate pure functional programming in the Scala programming language. Some of these are replacements for structures already present in the Scala standard library, but with improvements in safety, some are data structures for which there is no analogue in the Scala standard library.

### Getting Started

Cats Collections is currently available for Scala 2.12, 2.13, and 3.

To get started with sbt, simply add the following to your `build.sbt` file (you may find the latest version via a badge on top of this page or on release page):

```scala
libraryDependencies += "org.typelevel" %% "cats-collections-core" % "<version>"
```

### CONTRIBUTING

Contributions in all forms (including discussion, suggestions, bug reports, usage reports, pull requests, patches, etc) are welcome and encouraged from everyone!

The cats-collection project demands that all activities surrounding the project follow the [Typelevel Code of Conduct](http://typelevel.org/conduct.html). If you witness any behavior from any individual which you feel might be harmful in any way or might not be a violation of the code of conduct, please speak up. Please contact any individual named in the Typelevel Code of Conduct so that it can be addressed as soon as possible.
