docs/src/main/tut/range.md, before:

---
layout: default
title:  "Range"
source: "core/src/main/scala/Range.scala"
---
## Range

`Range` represents a range [x, y] that can be generated by using discrete operations [Enum](enum).

## Supported Operations

- `start`: starting value of `Range`.
- `end`: ending value of `Range`.
- `toList`: returns all the values in the `Range` as a `List`.
- `contains(value)`: verifies `value` is within the `Range`.
- `contains(range)`: verifies `range` is within the `Range`.
- `generate`: returns all the values in the `Range [start, end]`
- `reverse`: returns the reverted range `Range [end, start]`
- `-(other)`: Calculate the difference with `Range`.
	- It returns a tuple with the difference to the right and to the left of `Range`.
	- It basically calculates what is to the *left* of `other` that is in `Range` and what is to the *right* of `other` that is in `Range` (in both cases it does not include elements in `other`)
- toString: returns 
	
## Inverted Range

Note that if x > y and we create the range [x, y] it will be treated as the **inverted** range [y, x].
	
## Using Range

We can get the values from a range using **generate** or **toList** functions. 
We can also get the string representing the range in math notation. `Range(x, y)` is represented by **[x, y]** and `Range.empty` is represented by **[]** by using
`cats.Show`

```tut
import dogs._, dogs.Predef._, cats._, cats.implicits._, dogs.syntax.all._, dogs.Range._
                                                                                                                                  
val range = Range(1, 10)
range.show

range.generate
range.toList
```

We can get the inverted range using the **reverse** functions

```tut
range.reverse.show
```

Asking for **start** and **end** on a Range

```tut
range.start
range.end
```

Asking for a value within Range

```tut
range.contains(5)
```

Asking for a value that is not within Range

```tut
range.contains(20)
```

Asking for the difference to another Range

```tut
val range = Range(10, 20)
range.show

val (l, r) = (range - Range(5, 9))
l.show
r.show

val (l, r) = range - Range(30, 40)
l.show
r.show

val (l, r) = range - Range(15, 18)
l.show
r.show

val (l, r) = range - Range (5, 30)
l.show
r.show
```

Creating an **inverted** range

```tut
val range = Range(50, 20)

range.toList
```

The reverse of a range should be its inverted range

```tut
val range = Range(20, 30)
range.show

val other = Range(30, 20)
other.show

range.reverse.toList == other.toList
```

Commit message:

# This is a combination of 6 commits. # This is the 1st commit message: Setting version to 0.5.2-SNAPSHOT
# This is the commit message #2:

optimizations on Range

# This is the commit message #3:

Refactor Range and Diet to generate values lazily

many of the operations in Range and Diet relied on eagerly generating
exhaustinve lists of elements. This commit refactors those to evaluate
their contents lazily, which should have a dramatic reduction of the
amount of garbage generated.

# This is the commit message #4:

Typos and whitespaces at the end of lines.

# This is the commit message #5:

More typo fixes, replaced the top comment for 'Heap' with the docs version.

# This is the commit message #6:

Initial commit for disjoint-set.

docs/src/main/tut/range.md, after:

---
layout: default
title:  "Range"
source: "core/src/main/scala/Range.scala"
---
## Range

`Range` represents a range [x, y] that can be generated by using discrete operations [Enum](enum).

## Supported Operations

- `start`: starting value of `Range`.
- `end`: ending value of `Range`.
- `toList`: returns all the values in the `Range` as a `List`.
- `contains(value)`: verifies `value` is within the `Range`.
- `contains(range)`: verifies `range` is within the `Range`.
- `toStreaming`: returns all the values in the `Range [start, end]`
- `reverse`: returns the reverted range `Range [end, start]`
- `-(other)`: Calculate the difference with `Range`.
	- It returns a tuple with the difference to the right and to the left of `Range`.
	- It basically calculates what is to the *left* of `other` that is in `Range` and what is to the *right* of `other` that is in `Range` (in both cases it does not include elements in `other`)
- toString: returns 
	
## Inverted Range

Note that if x > y and we create the range [x, y] it will be treated as the **inverted** range [y, x].
	
## Using Range

We can get the values from a range using **generate** or **toList** functions. 
We can also get the string representing the range in math notation. `Range(x, y)` is represented by **[x, y]** and `Range.empty` is represented by **[]** by using
`cats.Show`

```tut
import dogs._, dogs.Predef._, cats._, cats.implicits._, dogs.syntax.all._, dogs.Range._
                                                                                                                                  
val range = Range(1, 10)
range.show

range.toStreaming.toList
```

We can get the inverted range using the **reverse** functions

```tut
range.reverse.show
```

Asking for **start** and **end** on a Range

```tut
range.start
range.end
```

Asking for a value within Range

```tut
range.contains(5)
```

Asking for a value that is not within Range

```tut
range.contains(20)
```

Asking for the difference between two Ranges returns 0, 1, or 2 result ranges

```tut
Range(10, 20).show
(range - Range(5, 9)).show
(range - Range(30, 40)).show
(range - Range(15, 18)).show
(range - Range (5, 30)).show
```

Creating an **inverted** range

```tut
val range = Range(50, 20)

range.toStreaming.toList
```

The reverse of a range should be its inverted range

```tut
val range = Range(20, 30)
range.show

val other = Range(30, 20)
other.show

range.reverse.toList == other.toList
```
